---
layout: post
title: Pair programming
---
Today was our first full day of pair programming and it was a mixed experience.  I was in the position of being the pair with less knowledge and on occassion allowed myself to be pulled along when my understanding was not consolidated.  

The idea of the current challenge (boris_bikes) is to really get to grips with test driven development (TDD). However as a pair we lost sight of this and moved too quickly through the steps, sometimes moving ahead and missing writing simpler tests.  I feel like I'd need to actually start again and move through every step again to make sure I have actually understood everything.  

There was also a lot of confusion over how as pairs we should share our repository, commits etc.  I think although I understand the premise of Maker's self-learning ethos, some more specific instructions on how they wanted us to use GitHub would have been beneficial - and in fact still will be. Hopefully we'll go over it at the stand-up tomorrow morning!

Positive experiences today included interactions with the other students and having a laugh over shared struggles, both in coding and yoga!  And despite my slight bewilderment over todays pairing I do believe I have come out of the day with more knowledge and more importantly things to work on going forward.  THE POWER OF YET <iframe src="https://embed-ssl.ted.com/talks/carol_dweck_the_power_of_believing_that_you_can_improve.html" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>
