---
layout: post
title: It has begun...
---

So I have been putting off officially beginning my blog with excuses of "But I have been working so hard all day, I just want to chill out", but I have finally succumbed knowing that it will not only document a transformative time in my life, but also be good for my soul.

As a bit of a preamble, the pre-course! I think the best, and most cliche, description is a roller coaster.  There were times where I just felt like I was getting no where and break through times where I'd be so stoked I'd involuntarily fist pump.  It is amazing what you can learn in a month when you really knuckle down.  But what I still need to work on is actually appreciating what I have learnt rather than fretting and stressing over all the things I still can't do.  This is a state of mind I will need to work on throughout the course.

When it came to Day 1 I was a mixture of excitement and apprehension.  The overriding apprehension being a concern that I won't be at a level where I can actually contribute as part of a pair.  I know logically that this mindset is not productive, and that being the pair with less knowledge you can still offer value by consolidating your pairs knowledge by questioning them.  Changing my mindset is something I will work on on a daily basis throughout this course.  I will make the most of Maker's focus on well-being and attend daily meditation and bi-weekly yoga.  I love that we have a chief joy officer; Maker's have given us all the tools and resources to be not only great coders but well-balanced people and I plan to take advantage of all of it.
